incremental builds: add derivation override functions (#167670)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/build-helpers/special/checkpoint-build.section.md

`pkgs.checkpointBuildTools` provides a way to build derivations incrementally. It consists of two functions to make checkpoint builds using nix possible.

For hermeticity, Nix derivations do not allow any state to carry over between builds, making a transparent incremental build within a derivation impossible.

However, we can tell Nix explicitly what the previous build state was, by representing that previous state as a derivation output. This allows the passed build state to be used for an incremental build.

To build a derivation based on build checkpoints, the following steps needs to be fullfilled:
    * - run prepareCheckpointBuild on the desired derivation
    *   e.G `checkpointArtifacts = (pkgs.checkpointBuildTools.prepareCheckpointBuild pkgs.virtualbox);`
    * - change something you want in the sources of the package( e.G using source override)
    *   changedVBox = pkgs.virtualbox.overrideAttrs (old: {
    *      src = path/to/vbox/sources;
    *   }
    * - use `mkCheckpointedBuild changedVBox buildOutput`
    * enjoy shorter build times

As Nix has no builtin support for the detection of the previous built derivation, a base version needs to be declared.

> To create the outputs later used as base version for checkpoint builds, the function `pkgs.checkpointBuildTools.prepareCheckpointBuild` is used.

Author: I've added an integrated example.

# pkgs.checkpointBuildTools  {#sec-checkpoint-build}

> `pkgs.checkpointBuildTools` provides a way to build derivations incrementally. It consists of two functions to make checkpoint builds using nix possible.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
`pkgs.checkpointBuildTools` provides a way to build derivations incrementally. It consists of two functions to make checkpoint builds using Nix possible.
```

> For hermeticity, Nix derivations do not allow any state to carry over between builds, making a transparent incremental build within a derivation impossible.

Reviewer: not sure about this one, but IMHO it sounds more natural

```suggestion
For hermeticity, Nix derivations do not allow any state to be carried over between builds, making a transparent incremental build within a derivation impossible.
```
